Add a github action (#259)
rust-marker/marker: docs/internal/release.md

The `release` CI workflow then checks out the `master` branch (assuming "Use workflow from" input wasn't changed from its default), parses the current release version from the `CHANGELOG.md` file and updates `Cargo.toml`, `Cargo.lock` and various `.rs` and `.md` files with the new version. It uses simple regex patterns with `sed` to edit the files. This logic may break, and thus there is a test on regular CI that makes sure it stays stable.

The release commit is then assigned a `v{semver}` git tag . After that the workflow sets the next version for the new development cycle with the incremented release version and the `-dev` suffix, and creates a new commit with that.

### Sliding `v{major}` and `v{major}.{minor}` tags.

The release CI flow will also create and move the sliding `v{major}` and `v{major}.{minor}` tags. For example, if we release a version `0.3.0`, then there will be three tags created `v0.3.0`, `v0` and `v0.3`.

And if we release a patch `0.3.1`, then there will be a new tag `v0.3.1`, and the existing `v0` and `v0.3` will be moved to this new  commit for `0.3.1`.

The sliding tags won't be updated for pre-releases (versions with `-` suffix in them).

> These sliding tags may be used to not hardcode the version of `marker`, and allow for automatic patch updates, for example. They will most likely be referenced in the installation scripts download command and in Github Actions.

Reviewer: This one confused me a bit. This formulation is clear to me. I hope it contains the same information:

```suggestion
These sliding tags may be used to only hardcode the major or minor version of `marker`, to allows automatic updates, ot the patch version. These sliding tags can be used to download the installation script or run Marker's Github Action.
```
